
MEETING SUMMARY
Generated on: 2025-06-25 15:48:04

PARTICIPANTS IDENTIFIED:
Technical Staff, Public/Citizens, Financial Staff, Administrative Staff, Council Members, Board/Commission Members, Legal Counsel, Public Safety Officials, Administrative Support, Mayor

MEETING OVERVIEW:
Based on the transcription, this appears to be a municipal government meeting involving city council proceedings.

KEY DISCUSSION POINTS BY CATEGORY:

MOTIONS & VOTING:
  1. So moved by the rental second
  2. Thank you discussion All in there There was unanimous right County Sheriff's report Happy new market here
  3. There's our watching to approve the consent agenda Discussion One favor Opposed Don't you hear it
  4. I couldn't hear that one So I'm right all business authorization for council members to attend the leave Minnesota cities training There's two different things there's our newly elected officials and advanced training for return elected officials This was in your packet and it does cost money so we do have to approve it If anybody wants to go and there is a cancellation thing I think so even if you're like it I might you should sign up for it now and then make sure your canceling in time financially if that makes sense The work of my calendar I can go You want to go to the the I can't go to this one but I want to go to the city Dan Capitol Nancy Yes, I definitely like you go to the investment possible
  5. I mean, okay So then I'm gonna make a motion that we uh send two members to the training day for Proximately a total of approximately seven dollars total to go to training to our second second discussion All in favor As the animus motion carries Authorization for council members to attend the umc day to capital So I can go a little bit of those synopsis of this So there's a day where you go to the capital

BUDGET & FINANCE:
  1. So they support it our um funding for the branch So it's also a little bit of an extra
  2. You're going to feel the best corner Yeah, we don't really know until you get it
  3. It looks like Well, it's just one of those boards that I feel that paintings really kind of required because of one of these that you're trying to The elements yeah, so if you want to make sure that you have an idea Can I just say be plan or offer to come do some training with that that curve two It's just we just don't have our meeting last year so it was a lot of So I guess Maybe Reach out again to see if you're willing to do it and encourage people to do that
  4. Well, I don't know if someone remembers I'm sorry, Chris is out so you're well, okay That's the person 20 to 25 For our proven signatories for municipal accounts Let's also look at his budget Okay Sorry, I just want to look at a real quick
  5. I'm trying to think if I had anything else Mary related um, I had a Uh, question or a thought for a further agenda to um if we could I know that there's some things about the land of that The city botched south of Don't have cemetery the hope cemetery was called Motel Motel figure the land they ought to be development yet Um, just some thought about trying to do some sort of more plantings there No barrier even if we're not going to develop it can you and this needs to be a council discretion because money But I just want to throw out a future agenda if i'm alone in the merthers other people that want to Look at that land and start doing something about it now so in the spring we can maybe Get things ready How about the plantings and So do you want to put it on a future council and i do you want to have a discussion of i mean I think we probably the staff are hoping to have put something on that breeze agenda to schedule a workshop Oh, yeah, that would be fine Yeah, maybe we can have that on Yeah, I don't realize there's no good in the budget for it so they have to be something that Is just being shabby so we get the budget Okay, no, no, no, no, no, no Okay Now that the development's kind of up though the electoral stuff we know what you do Before it's got like Right Love and love they were working there

PUBLIC SERVICES & INFRASTRUCTURE:
  1. It's more services than an idea is
  2. My understanding is they've also hired a public works person but I don't know if they've started yet

LEGAL & REGULATORY:
  1. I stopped somebody on me straight going 43 So I stopped Yeah, had a revoked driver's license and no insurance And then there's been some drug arrests and in town here and a couple people with warrants that were stopped and arrested for their warrants Any any questions for me
  2. We in the past week total are the Contact that did is gone now and we have to get a fine back with the new ones and we can't tell anybody right now Color versus like after we get snow if they haven't moved and we're trying to We can start saving I think I think our supervisors don't want to tow vehicles right away On the other night per file by right and so I'll be in the check-on later and cited if it's still there and I drove by it and was gone so I was reading the ordinance to it said like two inches or more Two inches are really slushy that contacts that I Thank you For the whole farm so I'm gonna move on to consent agenda

PERSONNEL & ADMINISTRATION:
  1. Is anybody from staff interested in going on
  2. I I don't want to check with the other staff The thing this year is on March 6, which is last Thursday our packets all the way up for the council meeting So depending on where we're out of package, I think staff will let you go, but it's not a great day to have I don't think we can pick that part up I know I know I've been with before when it's found a different day
  3. So my logic was give a new person who volunteer a shot Uh, Lindsey obviously is not super new so I was hoping she could be talked into still serving under parts Um, I hate to take an application who's hardly ever done anything and throw on a different Board than what they apply for um, I don't often zealously us a little bit you will Otherwise, we'll have another opening on parks You just be inviting commission training is that still offered right
  4. And by the front line commissioners left here in the cuz cities training last year Yeah, there's a course like an hour to hour on my course at least The submission to the foundation still the best stuff
  5. You're right You almost want to require it should be like maybe maybe change the Bible So the numbers that brought on in the last year did you leave a city's training

COMMUNITY INPUT & FEEDBACK:
  1. Oh, we're going to discuss discussion Well, favor I Sentions in your calendar Okay Yeah, approving annual appointments page 36 So we have some advocates from some people outside of council for some of the open community meetings We have some council members of course either have wanting to change things up We've got a little bit of everywhere The one that based on and these are my recommendations we can certainly um Talk about that EDA I don't have Anybody piping up for that one
  2. We won't give problems Uh comment
  3. He says 30 years he's gone to every single one he's very flexible and he said since nice Um, okay, so any other questions or comments
  4. It's really not a community

REPORTS & UPDATES:
  1. We really they had a decent and we had to kind of say Yeah, it was kind of a goal when we wanted to look okay, so all right Um, that's all mayor head for Mary's about now I believe the boards I also found some further works report for you before wide everybody already I got extra stuff
  2. They should have been reported like, but I read your report in here
  3. You don't have everything to report yet
  4. We've been having a lot of issues with getting data, getting reports and things like that
  5. Sarah was in today and said that she just had reports for like for the December reports from them and is going to meet with them next week to show the guy out there

TIMELINE & SCHEDULING:
  1. We'll have those for the future

GENERAL DISCUSSION:
  1. I remember being in the room with like the city administrator
  2. We had a code of first news to this morning
  3. There's rights for the record
  4. constituent use The can
  5. We'll be one of the officers up here this year again Recently A couple days ago

SPECIFIC HIGHLIGHTS:
• Positive feedback received about El Dorado skating rink conditions
• Community members called to praise ice quality and warming area
• Formal motions were made and seconded during the meeting

RAW TRANSCRIPTION LENGTH: 33120 characters
KEY POINTS EXTRACTED: 100 items