 We can bring. Okay, well, how many are you? Pleasal engines. So, hey, how can you have a seat? A student, a student. A student. A student. A student. A student. A student. A student. A nation. A job. A new school. A new teacher. A new teacher. A new teacher. A new teacher. You might as well stay standing, right? It's going to happen in one way for me to do good. That's right. Thank you. A drink. Een sorted. A drink. The adults. And. So, I was actually bad. I'm sorry. And you've been saying that you're going to be proud of the words. Thank you. Thank you. Congratulations. And I also know what I'm drawing council. I remember being in the room with like the city administrator. I was just saying that this is kind of. I come one time. I was the only. We had a code of first news to this morning. And the deputy came to see me as a woman. I'm just saying I remember. I was the only woman. And I was like. What's theinspiration of life? There's rights for the record. Okay. Daniel. Okay. constituent use The can. So moved by the rental second. Thank you discussion All in there There was unanimous right County Sheriff's report Happy new market here. I am working up here all year again. We'll be one of the officers up here this year again Recently A couple days ago. I stopped somebody on me straight going 43 So I stopped Yeah, had a revoked driver's license and no insurance And then there's been some drug arrests and in town here and a couple people with warrants that were stopped and arrested for their warrants Any any questions for me? No, just for me. I've noticed let's be a little traffic under the bridge It's not like you can go fishing right now. So easy Yeah I do Okay, yeah, if you see something you could call it and we have a reason to go check them and ask some questions Yeah Most snowbirds first to be great. We in the past week total are the Contact that did is gone now and we have to get a fine back with the new ones and we can't tell anybody right now Color versus like after we get snow if they haven't moved and we're trying to We can start saving I think I think our supervisors don't want to tow vehicles right away On the other night per file by right and so I'll be in the check-on later and cited if it's still there and I drove by it and was gone so I was reading the ordinance to it said like two inches or more Two inches are really slushy that contacts that I Thank you For the whole farm so I'm gonna move on to consent agenda. There's our watching to approve the consent agenda Discussion One favor Opposed Don't you hear it. I couldn't hear that one So I'm right all business authorization for council members to attend the leave Minnesota cities training There's two different things there's our newly elected officials and advanced training for return elected officials This was in your packet and it does cost money so we do have to approve it If anybody wants to go and there is a cancellation thing I think so even if you're like it I might you should sign up for it now and then make sure your canceling in time financially if that makes sense The work of my calendar I can go You want to go to the the I can't go to this one but I want to go to the city Dan Capitol Nancy Yes, I definitely like you go to the investment possible. I'm not gonna go to any right now Because I don't know where things are gonna hold me I have some medical issues going on. Okay, there are 350 per Lodge is not included so there's a mancano a plummet in an Alexandria I don't know if you want lodging if you're going to come through if you're gonna drive their back thoughts. I was thinking of a wonderful I'm not so I'm just about there but I'll fill the line okay, so lodging I needed and you would just turn in your mileage Um, I don't remember the cancellation view. I was against lation the There was something in your cancellation Maybe it's uh, yeah, sorry Oh, sorry Registration I don't know where it No, sorry, maybe it's just the city day if the hill has the cancellation base so if you're gonna now so if you're saying you're gonna go I There's been much I got a lot more So remember, Grangel? I mean, okay So then I'm gonna make a motion that we uh send two members to the training day for Proximately a total of approximately seven dollars total to go to training to our second second discussion All in favor As the animus motion carries Authorization for council members to attend the umc day to capital So I can go a little bit of those synopsis of this So there's a day where you go to the capital. There's some sessions in the morning where you meet with the legal Minnesota city staff And they kind of give you a rundown of what's happening and legislation um and what Usually uh cities want to be talking to their members about it unless there's already something on our agenda that we want to talk to our Senator and our Uh house member about and then they kind of tell you like if this was This is how you should ask your person to vote to so you get some education You get some food and you we normally have appointments in the afternoon When our representatives and you get to meet them that is the face and tell them why you want something We've done everything from like talked to them about streets that have been vacated in the city Trying to give assistance with men down on various things I have a great relationship with them. So they support it our um funding for the branch So it's also a little bit of an extra. They know me or serve conversation too. Do I miss anything in that? So I mean But sooner we decide for them to go or not the sooner we can try to get on appointments with those people sometimes it's hard to get So they're in session and There's a usually a good panel of legislators they talk about things Uh, so he's always scared old. He's made it past couple of times. It depends if something comes up Um, yeah, so it's a good day. We can't staff go. Is anybody from staff interested in going on? I I don't want to check with the other staff The thing this year is on March 6, which is last Thursday our packets all the way up for the council meeting So depending on where we're out of package, I think staff will let you go, but it's not a great day to have I don't think we can pick that part up I know I know I've been with before when it's found a different day. I mean it is all it's a lot of fun And it is a good way to get your legislators What do you want to do? You're going to feel the best corner Yeah, we don't really know until you get it. We can't move council the week before because that will put it in February If we move council the week up There would be two meetings at federal and non-merge Okay, yeah, it's a good day. I would like to go I also want to make two so um Make it a whole You're cool. Well, I say we do let's let's throw Jim in there now because you don't have to register yet But at least then we opened on it and then he can decide does that make sense? Okay, so And then any staff So I can make it to kind of an open motion. I mean, I think we don't want to see some Stephanie last year Is she really enjoying it might be a good experience or can I We don't We don't make a long So I'm going to make a motion to set up to four council members to believe I'm going to say a stand capital second Oh, look good. Oh, we're going to discuss discussion Well, favor I Sentions in your calendar Okay Yeah, approving annual appointments page 36 So we have some advocates from some people outside of council for some of the open community meetings We have some council members of course either have wanting to change things up We've got a little bit of everywhere The one that based on and these are my recommendations we can certainly um Talk about that EDA I don't have Anybody piping up for that one. I've sat on it before I do recommend People giving them a shot. It's a good one. It does meet every other Okay, everyone's on a Tuesday morning from like age nine um So is that a different because members usually have to leave that Yeah, it's very different. It's a good experience It is for us to look at our chair And don't want to end the chair And the past doesn't really get about keeping it on my name Does anybody want to try to manage an EDA If it requires two council members as well You want to try? Okay. Thank you Um, and they need it online. So on Tuesdays Thursday from age to nine That's right now. We won't give problems Uh comment. I see Whitney That woman's with me Yes, I did it. Yes, and we all say can you ever eat Which works but Yeah, I really want to call for it sit down here. I still want to travel a lot of to do. She's been very false. That's good. Yeah Um, so everybody I've all that and I book now if there's an issue if you don't have a thought Let me choose You have an open spot on parks too. We have two So that I think that's right. I was going to go on that so we have we have one open spot on planning commission and two out of parks and two people applied for the planning commission spot and Normally you don't know if I can park And so the recommendation here is to have The person who applied on planning go on parks instead So yeah, there's two planning I called it. I plug Mary On the land east Lindsey was the other out for planning Um, Mary is Pretty new to it. So my logic was give a new person who volunteer a shot Uh, Lindsey obviously is not super new so I was hoping she could be talked into still serving under parts Um, I hate to take an application who's hardly ever done anything and throw on a different Board than what they apply for um, I don't often zealously us a little bit you will Otherwise, we'll have another opening on parks You just be inviting commission training is that still offered right? And by the front line commissioners left here in the cuz cities training last year Yeah, there's a course like an hour to hour on my course at least The submission to the foundation still the best stuff. They used to have days seminars and days Really and I guess we could always ask them if they come out and do some but I mean the online course through the biggest cities is pretty comprehensive. It's a little bit over me Um, I guess that's the thing. It looks like Well, it's just one of those boards that I feel that paintings really kind of required because of one of these that you're trying to The elements yeah, so if you want to make sure that you have an idea Can I just say be plan or offer to come do some training with that that curve two It's just we just don't have our meeting last year so it was a lot of So I guess Maybe Reach out again to see if you're willing to do it and encourage people to do that. You're right You almost want to require it should be like maybe maybe change the Bible So the numbers that brought on in the last year did you leave a city's training? They did they were progress So if Jim's gonna go on their route, he'll be he'll be new but he'll be the only one that on that group but hasn't been Okay And at that one Jim said I'm never a dwarf is we got it so you thought He's he's gone everywhere Jim he made the cross-sass to He's a little few more years than Jim. I don't know if I have something to say Yeah, thank you What he's like he said he's wondering here. He says 30 years he's gone to every single one he's very flexible and he said since nice Um, okay, so any other questions or comments? Yeah, make a motion to approve the annual appointments with the only one clarified is Nancy is going to be on EDA What's the discussion All in favor? I opposed extensions Motion carries So the first meeting for EDA is January 21st or 22nd I think it's pretty pretty but I really choose to say the 20th anniversary of just coming right up Yes, here's my sticker It is my spirit. Well, I don't know if someone remembers I'm sorry, Chris is out so you're well, okay That's the person 20 to 25 For our proven signatories for municipal accounts Let's also look at his budget Okay Sorry, I just want to look at a real quick. I'll make a motion to approve through resolution 20 2504 Also, thank you You have to go to the bank to sign in we will have to do stuff with things No, no, I don't know Usually you have to do a new signature card at least not so they make all of us read everything But I don't want the other ones are going to be that I think it's really right to go and also there you go I mean it comes on her words would stick around on them in two years You just said it right over the side anyways I close maybe less than literally two years it's really good first So we always have both consumables and staff on their select we have to have two signers for every all our chest So we're just going to leave and place them Safely So only two four here He's going to be one of the two years He's two years remaining It's supposed to be three over three over two years So it's a two or two and then the mayor's under two So we're the three of the mayor has to be assigned around We're the three of them two years Um, did you guys there's a motion and a second I motion to a grandle second of it we're still in discussion for the discussion all in favor i closed Sentions here is a need or we're going to get you to that photo again in a record time here tonight Um Mayor and council mayor has had two people Call and pass along kudos to staff about the condition of the ice and al Dorado skating rink Just say please tell people it's great and they really like the warming area too So it's getting used people love it Um, I have to call me and speak out which is you know usually you know You're not calling me because everything's great so I will take it You'll be able to get out. I'm trying to think if I had anything else Mary related um, I had a Uh, question or a thought for a further agenda to um if we could I know that there's some things about the land of that The city botched south of Don't have cemetery the hope cemetery was called Motel Motel figure the land they ought to be development yet Um, just some thought about trying to do some sort of more plantings there No barrier even if we're not going to develop it can you and this needs to be a council discretion because money But I just want to throw out a future agenda if i'm alone in the merthers other people that want to Look at that land and start doing something about it now so in the spring we can maybe Get things ready How about the plantings and So do you want to put it on a future council and i do you want to have a discussion of i mean I think we probably the staff are hoping to have put something on that breeze agenda to schedule a workshop Oh, yeah, that would be fine Yeah, maybe we can have that on Yeah, I don't realize there's no good in the budget for it so they have to be something that Is just being shabby so we get the budget Okay, no, no, no, no, no, no Okay Now that the development's kind of up though the electoral stuff we know what you do Before it's got like Right Love and love they were working there. We really they had a decent and we had to kind of say Yeah, it was kind of a goal when we wanted to look okay, so all right Um, that's all mayor head for Mary's about now I believe the boards I also found some further works report for you before wide everybody already I got extra stuff. So it was. Yeah, I worked hard with my anger. I thought it was going to be an APA. I'm a rubber. I'm a rubber. Yeah, we met in travel class show up. And that was nice. Some business owners, I do. Oh, I love to hear some of those next to me. People that use this word. Yes. Yeah. I think it's what the word is out. People appreciate that. I mean, I'm sure. I can say that part of it is it gives people even the ones that are just this as long as we see all the time. It gives them an opportunity to have FaceTime with people and staff. Yeah, it's fine too. Because they come and tell you something. They should have been reported like, but I read your report in here. That's social. They want to know. They come up. No, no, it was good. It was good. It was good. It's always nice to have those. Inforal. Chats with people. So that was nice. I don't see her. But again, no, thank you. So that's nothing. Right. My ears met at Bain Hook in. And it was interesting. We had. Some people from this. We stayed that cave and they were. They were speakers and that was good. And it's always. There's some alcohol. And we've got some incoming. We also have a. And we're going to go out of the mayor. It was always nice. Like some of the longer term, sorry, mayor. Buffalo did not rerun. So there's a new man there. And here it was there for quite a while. So that's going to be some fun. Change for. I'd see a little. She would see her contentious selection. She retained it. And people late retained and not a solo. Was really liked, right. Was it. Was he really liked. I don't know. I thought it's real. trying to make a mistake to have that meeting. And then I'm trying to think what else am I on? I really did not mean they mean January 22nd. Thank you, Wednesday. And sewer meets again this Thursday. And she's got the board yet. Yeah, she's on the floor. Sorry, you owe me a third. You don't have everything to report yet. I think you also put her on. Is it by her leave? But that was the board of trustees. Yes, but this is their annual meeting. Yeah, I was just a test. He's going to listen to them. I usually do just because there's a gender item set to come to a life. Especially with the change. You're supposed to be focused. They like the dinner and we'll have dinner. They're going to feed you if you go on the squad. Well, the feed you if you go on what you want to know. It's January 22nd. They start their dinner at like six o'clock and then they have their annual meeting of their whole membership. It's not that it's gone. We've been expecting a board of trustees normally. They have separate meetings. So they're usually called. I just need like word. Yeah, I have to go to the end. Well, maybe I'm. I'll be. I'll be. I go. The board made it and the fire annual meeting. I was going out. I don't want to. I don't want to make it. You're going to stay. You'll stay. I hope it is a nice time. But what. What time is it? 7 p.m. on the 20th. And there's that six. Oh. So it looks a six p.m. Yeah. You can say. I have something. That. It looks like. This is going. I'll talk to. And they're. And their board doesn't usually have it's their annual membership. So the board doesn't usually have a passion about that. You don't have to go. I just went last year because of the, you know, the fun made up. The retirement. And they have nine members on the board. So even if our even the council contingent can make it, they still have a big room for it. It's just that's out with where the retirement fund was going. Last year they were talking about that's why last year. Okay. If that year. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And see you. Thank you. I thought if I missed anything else already on any other. And just. And. Grant. Go. Parks. I was on first last night because I don't like you. It's because you. It's beating. Yeah. I am. It's all fresh. It's true though. So the rugby. What was his name? Dan. Dan came in. And they are putting on the table where they've raised like $200,000 a month. And they want to build a pavilion. Out of El Dorado Park. And it would be access like they. They wouldn't know ahead of time. And then they would have a lot of. And then they would have a lot of. Of like their games and stuff and be able to book a board. And then the city would have potential to rent it as needed. You can rent it for brick. Or. Like need to talk to both for the ban show. Like almost Thursday nights. If it's bad weather. At least they have some sort of cover. And. Talk about doing something before we just. Every time. And then we brought this to. And then we brought this tonight. And they said he said he's got like $200,000. For this. He's going to do some more research and maybe try to get us some. And that's on what it can take. Yeah, there might even be like. Ground corrections are paid $50,000. You know, home, don't. Level and. It's amazing. One next thing it would be like where the hockey rick is. Or the basketball. And. And it almost looks like they take up the volleyball net. But I don't think anybody ever plays volleyball. The ball. It's over here. This is the volleyball. I thought it was like. Now. They're proposing on the other side of the best in between the basketball. And then you'll probably feel kind of in between here. So literally would be in. Yeah, that one. I just looked at the building. But we're seeing existing building in there now on the program. Yeah, it's just a couple of. Yeah, it's just a couple of. A small pool. We'll be over here. That's the little shaft. It's just a couple of table. Yeah, it's not. That's where the splash pad is. You also be going. So. Yeah, we talked about it as a part commissioner. We talked about replacing the volleyball courts. You know, for the. But honestly, this is probably a bad location. There's. I don't have like a kitchen in it. Um, the guy. Yeah, I think that's why the grouch doors. That glass. Go up. It looks like it's mocked up after like the reverse side of the park and. St. Cloud. There's just somebody that are like. You can say. You're gonna say. It's part. It's not busy. That's. That's a lot like. They're all kind of the same design. Yes. I think that's not. There was a lot of. It's. Big difference. It's. I mean, it kind of. It's really not a community. I think it's one of the. The trees. I think. Yeah, I think. I think you're rented out in the summer. Sure. Yeah. Especially right now. The old spot. It has lines. And then we talked about the splash pad. And flag staff. Got way lower. Right. You know, I think flag staff was lower than. And. Right. I think the. I think the equipment's. Or a little bit higher, but they have more stuff. Again, that more pieces of equipment. Yeah, and the WP had the. The boat. Flagship did a makeshift mode. But when the. Flagship kind of thought of like the handicap in wheelchairs. And things were. I didn't see that with. I didn't see that with. I didn't see that. I didn't see that. I didn't see that. But like. Richard said that we. She'll let the committee kind of open them up too, because they were the ones that came up with a lot of ground. So. We'll meet again. And I'm going to wait. And then discuss more. Another thing with our commission to talk about is. They really like certain elements of. Some of them. We were going to see. If they would be possible to. Since we're pushing equipment and have to get out. And. Yeah, because they can't fully take the board out. We're going to see. It's more services than an idea is. But you guys. Universal. You will tell him like worship, but stay with like staff. But stay with flag staff. We're not sure. We're going to check fingertips if. Now that's it. Thank you. As to that, I do. It's cool. Matt. Boy七. Maybe. Maybe we can go like the supply net chair is inclusive and some of the stuff for rolling so wheelchairs can go on and have one swing because you can lay down in the one swing. So if you can't sit up and that's all intentional. Yeah, that's interesting. Big spread for the owner. Take the other off and everything else going great. We're going to have to do that. Right. Staff. Yeah. So a couple of things. The first one is the city was awarded 850,000 for 10 grant for 24 projects. So play. We have a couple of others in progress still waiting here from the beginning. I've heard from yet. But the engineer met with Wright County and it sounds like Wright County is going to pursue this lot of acronyms. So at the LPP grant that last year we got turned down because we weren't the project sponsor and they suggested we get a local sponsor and thought we needed one name. So Wright County is going to find our vaccine and we can't get the rest of it finding we need to finish the planning for that self-playing. So we have the bridge fully funded and the self-playing almost fully funded and really close. So that's good news. Yeah. It's fantastic news. Our accounting system after a lot of difficulties over the summer and fall trying to get things done and lots of issues with the conversion. We're finally able to get them to set up the table with us and agree to give us some additional training hours. AC and I have him that with them twice and we got two more meetings scheduled later this month and we feel really good about where we're right now. We just finished wrapping up and getting caught up all of our bank breaks for the year, our escrow statements for the year and are in a really good place with utility. So yeah, a lot of the issues we've been struggling with off through the fall, we've kind of got us off now and a couple of other things that are still some things you don't know how to do or bugs in the system or some customizations you want to have. They have someone researching us for us. So yeah, I think we're going to be wrapping that project up pretty soon here. As we get for our audit and doing these last good news, no more than. No more than that. We still have been active but we don't really use it. It's time to start building it. Once I think once we're through our body, I will probably think about facing that out. And then one other thing was they did hire a new clerk over a clear lake. I'm going to put a good news for us because we share of course the sorority with them. We've been having a lot of issues with getting data, getting reports and things like that. And now we think those are going to be ourself. Sarah was in today and said that she just had reports for like for the December reports from them and is going to meet with them next week to show the guy out there. She's going to run the luncheeds from our children and the members so she's going to have that all caught up. And yeah, so that's also going to be this. My understanding is they've also hired a public works person but I don't know if they've started yet. Yeah, they're going to be produced. So it was exciting. And does that solve this large issue? Yeah, they have a 10-9 person from another city. We're on to them right now. And then when new person is going to get trained and we'll take it over. So yes, so we, our staff and the sewer staff are no longer doing the wrongs. We're back and I don't know. We start going to go in the morning. And then I just don't give you over. Well, it's covered that. It's good. There's 100 things going on since this year. I'm getting ready for audit and I'll bring the rent recording and we have to do it so. I don't know. We're just saying we need to do it. I think that's why I found it. It's enough. No, I'm still in my studio. You're a reporter that I don't know that you guys want to. How much of my new shot of our meeting? You guys want to be a colleague? I don't know how to level one. I don't know what the way we do. We have less of a story to do that. I think we're comfortable asking. We feel like more. We have a huge talk to everybody. Sarah and Bill founder are starting this September. They're both doing really well. We're going to be with the team for 12 together. So they will put in a nice addition. Sarah and yeah. I definitely know from the way I asked anybody you can do this. We see your part signs. When does, generally officially, like, EDA solo without Anita, parachute? I think when she's comfortable with, I think I may hang out for a couple of months on the agenda until she gets going on some projects and then I'll probably face out. I think she did the last minutes or last month's meeting by herself and I just repeat them and she didn't have any difficulty with that. She's pretty good with details. And then she put together some... So we need to replace the sign at Elbrado Park as it's obviously falling apart. And so she was working on the sign proposal for that and what she just gave us on drafts today. And I would love to replace all of our city alternative things because it actually, they're really cool. I mean, they're actually... You have a picture. I don't have them downloaded yet and I don't have Facebook. I didn't want to bring it to you. You have to show us. But you're not as good as those ones you would be cost because they're not terribly expensive. Like, I kind of would like to see it must do a lot of work for us because they kind of remind me of when you're at the Minnesota Zoo example. Like, they're just really clean and crisp and informational and they look modern. I guess this is the word modern like, girl to date. Yeah. They've got a bunch of 90s or so. We'll have those for the future. She's working on a lot of sort of a combination of the plantings too. So, I think we'll have some people for those. So people just don't think there are weeds out there. Yeah, so we put up some signs around the two big pots that we didn't need to plant. I think so people are like, they have a lot of area. I think I'll have a lot of form with the near water. So, the city's going there by... Well, Bob Hubera. They're still small too. But two really big ones that are way along Hubera. That looks like weeds. Yeah, they look like weeds but they're not. They're intentional native plantings. Well, I think they taste two years from flowering plants. They're really flowering plants. That one's looked like the grass was like burned much. It was. It was. Come and lay. Yes. Everything was dead. Yes. They have to be able to plant something. It can put in the faxal tape. It was. Oh, it's a bit of a little bit of a tree, too. Terran branch with invasive. It's a little bit of a saline native. So. I have a certified quality. From the. So. So. It will save us hours and hours of muling. Yeah. Every. Yeah, takes Mike quite a long time ago. Rove. That is true. Yes, it. And Mike's not as young as he used to be. Oh my gosh. What's that? All right. I haven't ever gone into the bait store over there. Six more hours. Anything else from staff? Got enough money. They're outside of the plant. What about them? Are they going to stop? 55 miles an hour and sign back down there by the Midah building. You know where you have the digital sign? When you're coming to the outside. So I'm going to be sure I are asking me if that would be good. I'm going to be sure to be sure that they're going to stop. There used to be a 55 mile an hour sign there. Oh, they never. When you talk about one time, you'll suddenly find. Yes. Yeah. That's right. It's not us. So you might have to tell them. I'm not there. Because when they did that change. With how we have a turn lane to go like downtown. Or you can go straight or you can turn into the. Yes. In potrzebble memory. So I don't want to go straight right there. No, that's 2249, so yeah, because I'm so you don't want to go straight there. I love so many of those roads. Everyone is planning on going straight out. But I would like to go straight out. That's the thing. Well, laughable and somebody paid to this car. No, I can't. There's the digital one when you're coming in that says 45. And it does help with it. It's helping. There's lots of things. There's nothing. So you get the church and that says 45. They go 45 all the way to. Yeah, because you know, I guess it's 45. It's probably right on there by the lumber yard. The last. The last is then it tells you the miles per hour. You're ready. The signs. Point out of town. That's shortly after the 45. It should be ready. It should be right away. The men now, but they took it out when they put the turnt lanes in. Yes, they've signed a lot of people to kick it back up. So I get to get the fear. You don't get pulled over. I'm going to take it for that. You want to have sure it's. So they wait until they hit the next. I'm going to have to. Yeah, I'm going to have to. It's a good. It's a good. In the meantime, the asses up your butt. Yeah. Well, I'm sorry. If you need to get a photo. Yeah, you want to just do it. Are you sure? Are you in front of my house? Yeah, the only thing is I have to rest when my hand held it. Because our radar is going to be straight on. So you don't have to raise it. No, we got to check those out. People are obviously not going to have to have that. We're going to give away to be one of the tips here. Yeah, so now I can speed this one. I have to go all the way to people. It's going to be a good. I'm getting. I follow the rules. And the plus the. Yeah, before we get to the financial year or something else, we'll get to the top. Next, we're going to make it more 10 to 7 p a.m. And then the meantime, it sounds like every board is going to be. That's exciting stuff. Their motion to adjourn. I make a motion to adjourn. Second. We're here. Discussion. Do we want to state the second? All in favor. I'm. There's unanimous. Chris got a little bit. What a whistle. The short meeting. Yeah. They'll make my husband happy, right? It's your way. Oh, L.A. Graham's are 10. Mike is there zero. And it's only four minutes. What's in the first row?