 Though it's under we can be Nathanะ rotation It's going to tap in one way for me to do that. I mean, my opportunity to see you right. It's your love. I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I was bad in the Movie . In the Conference. All Congratulations. And I am also what I'm drawing console, I remember being in the or this engineer, the deputy, maybe the fire chief, and also, and I was the only woman in the room. Could I just say that this is kind of nice. I'm not going to be the team. No, no, no, no. I come one time, I'm a security team member, and I was the only thing out here. Thanks for being here. And we had a code in first, there's just a warning on the deputy committee to see if we was a woman. I'm just saying, I remember, I come one time, 14 people in the room, and I was the only woman. And I was like, business, there's, right, for the record, okay. Maybe me, man. That's so funny. I'd have to. Oh, right. Thank you. Now you're always welcome. Thank you. Okay, staff included you, things they wanted to add. In addition, there was a stuff increase, and then I don't know if it claims from Northland. So those two additions, is there motion to approve the agenda? So approved. So approved. So thank you, I got that. So moved by the panel. Second. Thank you. Discussion? All in there. There was unanimous. Right, County Sheriff's Report. Happy Dean Markwood here. I am working up here all year again. Only one of the officers up here this year again. Recently, a couple days ago, I stopped. Somebody on me straight going 43. So I stopped on. So 43. I had a revoke driver's license and no insurance. So, a little quick piece in one. And then there's been some driver's arrests and in town here and a couple people with warrants that were stopped and arrested for their warrants. Any questions for me? No, just for me, I noticed, let's be a little traffic under the bridge. Oh, okay. And it's not like you can go fishing right now. So easy. No, no. It's not a lot of reasons we don't. I'm back in there. Am I out of the name? It's not correct. Okay, back in my place. Okay. I do frequently check it, but it seems like they're always there when I'm not. I love it. So there's not that kind of how. But just, you know, just make no, just, okay. Yeah, if you see something, you could call it. And we have a reason to go check them and ask some questions. And you know, if it's a bad strategy, yeah, but call them. You live in a call when you see somebody who's done that. That's almost good. And if you think you've been on low snowboards for us to be great, we in the past week told them that our, the contractor that did it is gone now when we have to get a contract with the new ones and we can't tell anybody right now. Okay. So call it versus like, back when we get snow, if they haven't moved and we're trying to tell them if you guys can take them or ask people to. Yeah. And we can, we can start citing, I think, or I think our supervisors don't want to hold vehicles right away. No, it's okay. But you can probably think they can take it and people don't want to. Yeah. It was there warning. There was one the other night, part of the firefighter, right? And so I'm going to check on it later and cite it if it's still there and I feel like it was gone. So it was gone. Okay. But I was reading the ordinance to it said, like two inches or more. Two inches are really slushy that contacts that I, it's okay. Yeah. We have the April, we know that. Thank you. Yep. There's a whole lot of farms. I'm going to move on to consent agenda. As our motion to approve the consent agenda. So I'll move to the group. I'm sorry. That was like a discussion. One favor. Abuse sessions. I couldn't hear that one. Right. So all right, all business authorization for council members to attend the leave Minnesota city's training. There's two different things. There's our newly elected officials and advanced training for return elected officials. This was in your packet. It does cost money so we do have to approve it. If anybody wants to go and there is a cancellation thing. I think so even if you're like, I might you should sign up for it now and then make sure you're canceling in time financially. That may have since the work of my calendar. I can go. I'm a high. I'm going to be ready for some members to attend. And I'm ready to. You want to go to the. The word essential. I can't go with this one, but I want to go to the city. Dan capital. Do you want to? Nancy. Yes, I definitely like to go to the advanced. I'm not going to go to any right now because I don't know where things are going to hold me. I have some medical issues going on. OK, there are three 50 per. Lajin is not included. So there's a man, Kato, a plummet that anale, Sandra. I don't know if you want Lajin. If you're going to come to three, if you're going to drive their back thoughts. I was thinking I'm going to plan that so I can expect that. It's all simple. OK, so Lajin, I needed it. And you would just turn in your mileage. I don't remember the cancellation view. It was a cancellation. There was something in your cancellation. Maybe it's the. I am a lot sorry. Registration going through. I don't know. I'm going to let it. No, sorry, maybe it's just the city date that Hill has the cancellation date. So if you're going to now, so if you're saying you're going to go. And we can start really much, sometimes they give us a refund and sometimes they. I'm funny. There's been much. I got a lot of work done. I think it's good stuff. So remember, Granbel? I mean, we're good. OK. So then I'm going to make a motion that we send two members to the training day for a approximately seven. A total of approximately seven. A total to go to training to our second discussion. All in favor. All right. As you know, motion carries authorization for council members to attend the own C day of capital. So I can go a little bit of us and also so this. So there's a day where you go to the capital. There's some sessions in the morning where you meet with the legal Minnesota city staff. And they kind of give you a rundown of what's happening and legislation and what usually cities want to be talking to their members about it, unless there's already something on our agenda that we want to talk to our senator and our. House member about and then they kind of tell you like this. What you want is how you should ask your person to vote to see it's a medication against food. And you normally have appointments in the afternoon with our representatives and you get a lot of questions. And I think that's the case. And tell them right away. We've done everything from what you talked to them about streets that have been vacated in the city. Trying to give assistance with them down on various things. I have a great relationship with them. So they supported our funding for the bridge. So it's also a little bit of an extra in our New York sort of conversation to try to miss anything in that. So I mean, but soon we decided for them to go or not to see a weekend. But I did very well and of course, I did a lot of great things to create a new process. So and that's something that they must work on it certainly now and and it's very. So though that may still be your first____ title of conversation and finally a second website that you can have over and The thing this year is on March 6, which is the Thursday our packets on the lot for the council meeting. So depending on where we're out of package, I think staff will plan to go, but it's a great day to have it. I don't think we can pick that part up though. I've not been with before, but it's found a different day. I mean, it's all out fun and it is a good way to get your legislators to do it. And then I'm going to feel for this corner. The studio we don't really know and we can't move council the week before because that would put it in February. If we move council the week up, there would be two meetings at federal line. Okay. Yeah, it's a good day. I would like to go. I also want to make two. So make it up. Make it a whole. Well, I say we do. Let's throw Jim in there now because you don't have to register yet, but at least then we're able to do it on it and then he can decide. Does that make sense? Okay. So and then any staff so I can make it to kind of an open motion. I mean, I think we don't want to see some Stephanie last year. Is she really enjoying it? It might be a good experience or can. We don't think that all of us really do. We don't have to make the long term staff those staff who do scale. Yeah, that's just constantly. So I'm going to make a motion to set up to four council members to believe it was a stand capital. Oh, right. discussion. Favorite. Opposed. Sentions. Okay. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. Yeah. Approving annual appointments page 36. So we have some advocates from some people outside of council for some of the open community meetings. We have some council members of course, either have wanting to change things up. I've got a little bit of letter. The one that based on these are my recommendations, we can certainly. anybody piping up for that one I've sat on it before I do recommend people giving them a shot it's a good one it does meet every other month on a Tuesday morning from like age nine so as I'm a expert is members usually have to leave it yeah it's very good to keep it pretty tight because it is for it to start looking at the chair and the chairs and the past doesn't really get about keeping it on my mind just anybody want to try to manage the DDA it requires two council members as well thank you you want to try okay thank you um and they need it online so on Tuesdays yeah it means a third Tuesday from age to nine so yeah that's it right now we won't give you a comment I see Whitney that over is Whitney yes I did it yes and we all say can you never eat yeah which words but that's a matter of having to be planted in the city yeah I really want to co-op it sit down here I still want to travel a lot the two she's been very false so that's good yeah so everybody I've all that and I book down if there's an issue if you don't thought you're only you have an open spot on parks too we have two so that I think that's right we're going to go on that so we have we have one open spot on planning commission and two out of parks and two people apply the plan equation spot and normally you can't I think a part of you and so the recommendation here is to have the person who applied on planning go on parks instead so yeah there's two planning I plug Mary on the landings Lindsay was the other out of planning Mary is pretty new to it so my logic was give a new person who volunteer a shot Lindsay obviously is not super new so I was hoping she could be talked into still serving under parts I hate to take an application who's hardly ever done anything and throw on a different board than what they apply for I don't often see us a little bit you will otherwise we'll have another opening on parks you just be planning commission training is that still offered right it is and by the front planning commissioners on here are the biggest cities training last year yeah there's a course like an hour to hour online course that means I'm just going to finish this film and that's that they just have seminars and day trainings really and I guess we could always ask them if they come out and do some but I mean online first through the biggest cities is pretty comprehensive it's a little bit over me I guess that's the thing that's like it's just one of those boards that I feel that training is really kind of required because of what it is that you're trying to be able to do it so if you want we should have an idea and I just think plan our offer and we come and do some training with that that group too it's just we just don't have our meeting the last year so it was not a lot of opportunity so it gets a family maybe reach out again to get someone to feel it and encourage people to do that you're right you almost want to require it should be like maybe maybe change the Bible so the numbers that brought on in the last year did you leave a city's training they did they were progress so if Jim's gonna go on your mouth he'll be he'll be new but he'll be the only one on that group but has a bunch of you training okay and at that one Jim's several never dormant is he's gone everywhere Jim he makes us to give us a few more years than Jim I'm gonna have something else yeah thank you he said he's gonna hear he says 30 years he's gone to every single he's very flexible he said it's nice um okay so any other questions or comments okay I'll make a motion to approve the annual appointments um with the only one clarified is Nancy is going to be on ADA discussion all in favor I oppose extensions motion carries so the first meeting for ADA is January 21st or 22nd whatever the Tuesday is the 20th anniversary of just coming right up next to here is my sticker it is my spirit well I don't know too many numbers it's alright so Chris is out so you're well it okay let's go back there's a person 20 to 25 oh four are proven signatories for me this book house okay let's also go ahead and have some budgets okay let's take the motion no I was just talking about sorry I just wanted to look at it real quick I'll make a motion to approve resolution 20 25 oh four also thank you do we have to go to the bank to sign in we will have to do stuff with things pain no I don't know usually you have to do a new signature card at least not so they make all of us read everything but I don't want the other ones are going to do that okay we're ready to go but also there you go I mean it comes on our words would stick around more than two years I'm not you just said it right over no sign anyways it's not all the time it closed maybe let's just leave these two years it's my good work so we always have both consumables and staff on their select we have to have two signers for every all of our chests so we're just going to leave and place them staff we go up this one so we'll be too fort here youtube whoops enjoy but he's going to be more in response to the light of the two years these two years remaining yeah for your vote it's supposed to be three every three over two years yeah socials at two or two and the mayor's under two yeah so we're the three of the mayor has to be a sign around we're the three of them two years oh did you guys there's a motion and a second i motion to a grandville second of it we're still in discussion really discussion on the favor I closed sentions here is a new year we're going to get you to that photo again in record time you're tonight Mayor and council Mayor has had two people call and pass along kudos the staff about the condition of the ice at El Dorado skating rink oh just saying please tell people it's great and they really like the warming area too so it's getting used people of it to enough to call me and speak out which is you know usually you know you're not calling me because everything's great so i want to i'll take it yeah i'm trying to think if i had anything else Mary related i had a question or a thought for a further agenda if we could i know that there's some things about the land of that the city botch south of some of Jerry the hope cemetery was called local montergo the land day i need development yet just some thought about trying to do some sort of more plantings there no barrier even if we're not going to develop it can you and this needs to be a council discretion because money but i just want to throw out a future agenda if i'm alone in the merthors other people that want to look at that land and start doing something about it now so in the spring we can maybe get things ready how long will plantings and do you want to put it on a future council and i do want to have a discussion i mean i think we probably the staff are hoping to have put something on febri's agenda to schedule a workshop oh yeah that would be fine yeah maybe we can have that yeah i don't really realize there's no good in the budget for it so it has to be something that needs to start being shattered so we can get the budget and we can kind of let them go now that the development is kind of up though the withdrawal stuff we know what you do before it was not like right and while they were working they were really they had their own visa and they had to kind of say yeah it was kind of a set of gold one one and two okay so all right um that's all marred for maris but now they need to borrow it's ideal i also found some further works for you that's not your turn it works it's your you're supposed to ask all of our yet that's okay can i share that yeah that's under the board for part cushion of the very yes okay some boards EDA had to meet it in the summer little holiday thank you yeah all the party was pretty well open today i got extra stuff at the point so it was yeah i thought we got a p-a number out of the things i've heard so yeah we met in um travel class show up and that was nice um some business owners i do know about genius and i think he needs people with the visa is working yes yeah i think i think it's working for us out and people appreciate it that um to be assured i guess the other part of it is it gives people even the ones that are just this as long as we see all the time if they sell them off their opportunity to have face time what's people and stuff so yeah it's fine too because they come and tell you something this should have been reported like but i'm glad you're reporting it here this social thing please let me know they come up no no no it was good it was it was not it's always nice to have those informal chats with people so that was nice um we were trying to think i don't swear about it again no thank you okay so that's nothing uh right kind of mirrors met at bain hook in corquedo and it was interesting we had um some people from this we stayed that cave and they were they were speakers and that was good and it's always there's some outgoing airs and then we met some incoming air so that was always nice and like some of the longer term sorry mayor buffalo did not rerun so there's a new mayor there and tear it was there for quite a while so that's going to be some fun change for buffalo um i'd see it though she reached a sheer contentious election and she retained and then maple lake retained and thought a solo was really left to write wasn't it was he really elected i don't know my cell now i thought it's really elected i think at the last night chamber they're still a little bit mad yeah so that i was kind of nice to have to have that meeting and then i'm trying to think what does my name they are really did not meet they meet January 22nd thank you Wednesday and sewer meets again this Thursday yeah she's sorry you'll meet she you don't have anything to report yet it's alright but did i think you also put her on was it if i leave although that was the board of trustees yes but this is their annual meeting so yeah i was a trustees go to this i usually do just because there's a gender item said sometimes come to a life especially with a change or a new focus they like the dinner and we'll have dinner they're gonna feed you if you go on this one well that's easy if you go on what you want to know it's January 22nd they start their dinner at like six o'clock and then they have their annual meeting of their whole membership and stuff it's my husband's call you next week and the board of trustees normally they have separate meetings so they're usually called at us i just need like order yeah i have to go to the end or maybe i can go to the board meeting and the fire annual meeting i would go out i don't want to prefer meetings or mostly i'll do i hope it'd say it like sometimes but what what time is it seven p.m. on the 20th second and the dinner's at six oh so let's say six p.m. yeah i have something night night that so cakers is going to i'll talk to them and their board doesn't usually have it's their it's their annual membership being so the board doesn't usually have an action about that you don't have to go i just went last year because of the um no the fuck made up food in a way the retirement and they have nine members on the board so even if our even if the council contingent can't make it they still have i think we're it's just that's out with uh where the retirement fund was going last year they were talked about that's that's my last year um okay is that here yeah yeah yeah yeah thank you uh i'm sorry if i miss anything else or do you want any other and i just and and great go parks i was on first last night because i don't like you it's because you need to be able to speak together and i am in a dance i'm not sure you're broke because it's all fresh it's that's true though so the rugby what was his name dan dan came in and they are putting on the table where they've raised like $200,000 of funds and they want to build a pavilion out of El Dorado park we say this and it would be accessed like they they wouldn't know ahead of time of like their games and stuff and be able to book a forum and then the city would have potential rent it as needed you can rent it for brick difficulties or like need to talk to boat for the van shell like on those Thursday nights if it's bad weather at least they'd have some sort of cover and we can't talk about doing something before but we just tell them every time we're planning something and then he brought this to him and then he brought this to night and they said he said he's got like $200,000 for this he's gonna do some more research and maybe try to get us some process and that's on what it can take yeah there might even be like ground corrections at $50,000 if you go home, don't go home, level and stuff i mean it's so crazy one next thing it would be like where the hockey rick is or the bass and ball and it almost looks like they take up the volleyball net but i don't think anybody ever plays the ball is over here this is the volleyball line like that it was like they're proposing on the other side of the bass in between the basketball and the new rugby heel kind of in between here so literally it would be easy to get it it was like that when i just looked at the building but we're seeing existing building in their now on the program well there's a minus small pool of the alien we overheard those and it was a little shack contemporary one it's just a couple picnic tables on our calendar yeah it's not getting close that's where the splash pad is supposed to be going so yeah we've been taught to vote it as a park commissioner we talked about replacing the volleyball courts you know the building but honestly this is probably a bad location if there's you know i've like a kitchen in it um look at the grouch doors yes that in glass go up it looks like it's mocked up as they're like the reverse side park and stay clow which is somebody that are like tribal apricot you can just say gunners for a person to be killed that's that's a lot like percider all kind of the same design yes i think that's not good it's not the right to be wrong big difference for a scientist if you're a questioner i mean it kind of it's really not a community center i think it's one of the treasures that are on your way because of the community center yeah i think if you're rented out in the summer that's sure oh yeah then especially right now the old spot you have lines so and then we talked about the splash pad and flag staff got way lower right you know i think flag staff was lower than and oh no no i think the i think the quick minutes polls were a little bit higher but they probably got more stuff like it had more pieces on equipment yeah and mwp had the the boat and the flagship did a makeshift boat but one that flagship kind of thought of like the handicap and wheelchairs and things where i didn't see that with mwp but like Richard said that we should let the committee kind of open on my two because they were the ones that came up with a litigra so we'll meet again in February 10th and discuss more another thing with our commission to talk about is they really like certain elements of both of them because we were going to see if they would be possible to since we're pushing equipment and have to get out and installation is there any possibility of taking upon the circle of the American park that can we equipment use universal like by the ship but stay with flag staff so we're not sure so we're going to check through that as well now that's it thank you that's good that we do look cool awesome thank you so much to get out on the ground one please all the players yeah yeah yeah they're um yeah maybe we can talk like the supply and that chair is inclusive and some of the stuff for rolling so wheelchairs can go on and have one swing because you can lay down in the one swing yeah so if you can't sit up and that's all intentional yeah that's interesting big spare for the owner take the other off and everything else going great we're good okay you should uh right uh staff so um a couple of things so the first one is the city was awarded 850,000 through 10 grant for uh which one four projects that's not a play um we have a couple of others in progress so that we're waiting a year from the beginning heard from yet but the engineer met with Wright County and it sounds like Wright County is going to pursue this lot of acronyms but the LPP grant that last year we got turned down because we worked the project sponsor and they suggested we get a local sponsor we thought we needed one name so Wright County is going to find our back to save we can't get the rest of it finding we need to finish the planning for that self-playing so we have the bridge play fully funded to the self-light almost fully funded and really robust so that's good news yeah it's fantastic news um our accounting system after a lot of difficulties over the summer and fall trying to get things done and lots of issues with the conversion we're finally able to get them to set up the table with us and agree to give us some additional training hours um AC and I have him that with them twice and we got two more meaning scheduled later this month and we feel really good about where we're at now um we just finish wrapping up and getting caught up all of our bank brex for the year our escrow statements for the year and are in a really good place with utility so um yeah a lot of the issues we've been struggling with off through a thought we've kind of got us off now and a couple of other things that are still some things you don't know how to do or bugs in the system or some customizations you want to they have someone researching us so yeah I think we're going to be wrapping that project up pretty soon here as we get for our audit and okay do you think that's good news um no more bad no more bad news we still have any active but we have we don't really use it um it's good it's time to start building again once I think once we're through our body I will probably think about facing that out and then one other thing was they did hire a new clerk over a clear lake saw my coach and was good news for us because we share of course the sorority with them we've been having a lot of issues with getting data and reports and such like that and now we think those are good for yourself um Sarah was in today and said that they she just got reports for like for for the December reports from now and is going to meet with them next week to show the gal there from the luncheeds from our children remember so she's gonna have that all caught up and yeah so that's also good news my understanding is they've also hired a public person but I don't know if they started yet yeah they're up to you for two so yeah so exciting and does that solve this uh the large issue they have a 10-9 person from another city doing ronskermon right now and then when the person was going to get trained and we'll take it over so yes so we our staff and the sewer staff are no longer doing the ronsk we're back and I don't know almost that job sweet so good good yeah um and then I just don't give you over to look well it's covered that it's good there's a hundred things so when I was this year I'm getting ready for audit um all we're in the room recording and we have to do it so no we're just staying with me but I think that's why I'm proud that's enough we're now I'm still in my studio if you're afforded I don't know what you guys want to how much money should have our video you guys want to do your job we do you know I think we're comfortable asking we feel like more okay you should also be serving no matter how starting the September they're both doing really well we're learning quickly the team works well together so they will put in a nice addition so we're out um and yeah and I don't know you know from the number we ask me what do you even do this so we see your part signs when does what is generally officially like EDA solo without Anita parachute I think when she's comfortable with I think I might hang out for a couple more months on the agenda until and until she gets going on some practice and that'll probably face out I think she did the last minutes for last month meeting by herself and I just repeat them and she you know she didn't have any difficulty with that she's creating the details and then she put together some so we need to replace the sign and I'll go out of part because it's obviously falling apart and so she was working on the sign proposal for that and which she just gave us a draft today and I would love to replace all our city for talented things because it actually they're really cool I mean they're actually good picture I don't know them down the road yet and I don't have baseball time so I didn't want to bring it to you guys for show once you're gonna see it doesn't want to see what they cost because they're not terribly expensive like I kind of would like to see it must do a lot of work because they kind of remind me of like when you're at like the Minnesota zoo for example like they're just really clean and crisp and like informational and they look modern good I guess is the word modern like um they're all today they're not going to be for yeah anyway um we'll have those for the future she's working on a lot of sort of a comedy for the plannings too so it can't be I think we'll have some people for those so people just don't think there weeds out there yeah so we've got some signs around the two the two big pods of these are the native projects of people are like they have fun in the area like a model farm with the year blocker system is going there by a block hubra there's your style too you want to really big ones that are a lot of hubra that looks like weeds yeah they look like a needs but they're not they're intentional native plantage well I think it takes two years for the flowering plants so we flowering that one looks like the grass is like burned must it was chemically yes yes yes everything was dead yes but they have to make out what's it exactly that you can put it in the faxal tape it was one sweet yellow term grams of invasive and salote nato so I was certified by a quality of carbon from the so many so let's see if it will save us hours and hours of rolling yeah every eight yeah takes Mike quite a long time ago roughly and it's prepared for the team it's the same it was just for the harmony that is true yes it's your brain and Mike's not as young as he used to be oh my gosh what's that with the roll all right I wasn't going to be huge I even better go into the bait star over there so much I was anything else from staff got enough time they're outside plant on that are they gonna put a 55 mile no sign back down there by the mid-dauld building you know where you have the digital sign when you're coming this outside so I'm gonna be sure why you're asking me if that would be good there used to be a 55 mile an hour sign there oh they never put a single one count on you will send me five yes yeah that's right it's not us it's like homies so you might have to tell them put a sign back there because when they they did that change with now we have a turn light to go like don't tell or you can go straight or you can turn into the mid-dauld works there should be a 55 mile an hour sign right across from the 45 and there's no sign my muscle memory I still turned into the turn light yeah yeah then the I don't know what summer both entertain children though just like the front yard watching all the stuff it's my house is on right there on the point is because I've got all the way out to the lumberyard before I kicked it down before the 45 to 55 I was like I really just want to pass you right now no I can there's the digital one when you're coming in that says 45 and it does help with I need to tell me it's there's lots of lots of things now but we want out there's nothing so you get the church and that says 45 they go 45 all the way to the other side could you I guess it's 45 it's probably right on there but the lumberyard the last because then it tells you the miles per hour you're ready there's no sign the point now I don't know that that's shortly after the 45 it should be right it should be right away the mid-dauld but they took it out when they put the turn lanes yeah it's no sign a lot of people to kick it back up so I get the fear you don't get pulled over I'm gonna tick it for that you want to have sure it's so they wait until they hit the next size that says 55 it's a good and the meantime the asses up your butt well the part of the song is finally in the corner it's still okay if you need to get a pull down yeah you want to just do it check the right shrunk when you see it all right in front of my house it's like yeah the only thing is I'd have to arrest one of that hand to help it because our radars can only get straight on oh well so you don't have the laser one no we got to check those out from the office that way and we're gonna wait to be one we get the tips here yeah so no now I can speed this one section it's all the way to people and follow the rules and the bus be at before we get at the Bay of Jolla here is there anything else for the good of the cops next we're gonna meet in February 10th 7pm and in the meantime it sounds like every board's gonna meet so that's exciting stuff um their motion to adjourn I'll make a motion to adjourn second second we're here discussion do we want to state a second all in favor all right there's unanimous Chris got a little what a whistle the short meeting yeah they'll make my husband happy right it needs your opinion oh L.A. Braves are 10 my kids are zero and it's only four minutes